>> Steve Kinney: Question is,
can you stack multiple
cache control strategies in the header?
My gut says no.
I also realize that I
have never attempted to.
So I can't provide a really good answer,
but
my initial gut says I don't think you can.
>> Speaker 2: Someone test it.
>> Steve Kinney: Someone test it,
keep recording.
[LAUGH]
>> Steve Kinney: Any other questions?
Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Maybe you don't know
off the top of your head, but
just curious, on either send grid or
a previous project.
Do you have a favorite sort of
performance accomplishment or
task you've made that comes to mind?
>> Steve Kinney: I think one
of the most important ones,
cuz it precedes all other ones,
is getting the metrics in the first place.
Like figuring out the state of the world
and being able to you know this,
figuring out these actions,
what are important action and
figuring out how long they take and
starting to set those.
Either performance budget, right,
if you don't want it to get worse, or
performance goals.
That's a nontrivial task.
Trying to get those measurements,
cracking open the [INAUDIBLE] and
getting all those numbers.
It's the first step.
It's usually stuff that doesn't
exist in most applications.
Patience, right?
Like nobody's done it,
thereby it's not a thing, right?
Feels fine on my computer, [LAUGH] right?
Is the biggest thing.
So like going ahead and using like
the user timing API to like get some raw
numbers, I think is really
like the kind of like first.
Cuz after that you can get
the buy in around it, right?
And like, Chrome has some interesting
features now, that work different.
Like they don't work super well on
my app because we have to log in,
stuff like that but they actually show
you your app versus your competitors.
That's usually helpful for getting buy in.
That's a relatively new one.
There's another one in
Chrome specifically,
will show you code coverage, right?
Which means it'll load up all your code,
you click around your app, and
it'll show you lines of code
that were never executed, right?
And so like starting to get those metrics,
starting to get like these,
if I have like,
let's make the app go faster!
It's like great, everyone's like yeah!
And then nothing happens, right?
Cuz like there's no like,
here's the first thing to do, right?
So I think that's the kind of
most important part, right?
Cuz like, once you kind of like build that
into the culture that everyone kind of
cares about, it becomes a lot
easier to get all this stuff done.
And it's almost impossible
to do before you build that.
So it's kind of maybe not
the answer you're looking for.
But if you're asking what's the one I'm
proudest of, like starting to implement
those metrics and kind of getting
the culture of performance in place.
>> Speaker 2: Thank you, that's great.
>> Steve Kinney: Anything else?
Cool, thank you so much, everyone.
[APPLAUSE]